one of the ways that I got through
college was consuming energy drinks I
liked monsters I thought they tasted
pretty good
but Muhammad who was sent in videos
before he sends one in now questioning
if it's safe to drink energy drinks to
cram in college we always hear that
energy drinks aren't good for us because
you know taurine in excessive caffeine
in there and stuff but a lot of students
in universities in canada and america
you know see that we have really hectic
schedules and stuff so sometimes we need
that it's triples to be able to pull
all-nighters and be able to you know
like work as hard as we can right so is
it worth it
so you know kind of like not be that
healthy and hate the excessive energy
drinks put our bodies our wrists like
that or is it worth it to cram a few
down to be able to you know get the
marks and you know increasing our chance
of doing better in school I love that
video I think he asks a really great
question because a lot of students do
drink those energy drinks to cram for
their midterms finals whatever look you
would really have to look into the
long-term health hazards of drinking
these things over time right so if
you're drinking it just to stay up and
stay energetic for midterms and finals
but other than that you don't really
drink them I'm sure it'll be fine but
keep in mind that these drinks have a
high amount of sugar they accelerate
your heart rate and that's not a good
thing
so drinking them regularly is not a good
idea however if you're just gonna drink
it for like a week just to cram I'm sure
it'll be fine but you should definitely
look into the risks and and you know
reports that have been written about it
however it should be noted we are not
doctors
yeah we're not we're not that's what as
is often said we are not doctors or
lawyers but you don't want to drink
something that has such a high content
of sugar and like unnaturally again
caffeine I shouldn't be drinking coffee
either I assume no coffee has health
benefits to it I think there's the
industry pushes those reports I drink
coffee all the time I'm not saying I
don't but I'm saying we consume all
sorts of things every day that are bad
for us I didn't even use it to cram
actually like I drink coffee all the
time but I actually would pound in my
stir before intramural volleyball games
because that's what I most wanted to be
energized for oh maybe that's sad I
don't know but I used to feel awesome
how would you pound the monster John we
could always count on him I did the
monster found you okay so Ricky's our
little brother he's like yeah there's
like part of me who loves him because
Nana brings her little brother and every
Tuesday lets them play with the machines
sound stuff there's something there's
something endearing about Ricky right
like ah I just want to give a bear hug
it's like yeah you're gonna be okay no
you here to be all right
[Music]